README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

Hello!, I'm Victor Martins, computer science student at UNESPAR(State University of Parana) - BR.

[![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/victor-querino-martins-844796278/?trk=opento_sprofile_topcard)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/victorqm11/)

![Victor GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=VictorQMm&show_icons=true&theme=dracula)


<div style="display: inline_block"> <br/>
  Technologies : <br/><br/>
  <img align= "center" alt="HTML" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
  <img align= "center" alt="CSS" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />
  <img align= "center" alt="Java" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white" />
  <img align= "center" alt="C" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white" />
</div>

Commit message:

<Update>(README): <Improving>
Visually improving my Github

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Victor Querino Martins 👋

Welcome to my GitHub! I'm a Computer Science student at **UNESPAR (State University of Paraná)**, Brazil. I'm passionate about programming, problem-solving, and software development.

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230A66C2?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/victor-martins-b72a351b7)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F?style=flat&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/victormartinsdev/)

## 🚀 GitHub Stats
![Victor Querino Martins' GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=VictorQr&show_icons=true&hide_title=true&hide_border=true&count_private=true&theme=radical)


## 🧑‍💻 Technologies & Tools
I'm experienced in the following technologies and tools:

- **HTML5** 🌐
- **CSS3** 🎨
- **Java** ☕
- **C** 🔧

## 📚 What I'm currently working on
- Building more efficient algorithms and improving coding practices.
- Exploring new technologies.
- **Taking the Origamid Web Development Course**: Expanding my knowledge in front-end and back-end development, and improving my design skills through hands-on projects.

Feel free to explore my repositories! 🚀
